Exercise Answers
Exercise 1
A CV Mat is an N-dimensional matrix that stores the intensity of all pixel data. It can be written and read with imwrite and imread and outputted as a image with a color scheme (RGB,HSV,etc)

Exercise 2
look at baboon colorimage.png for the images
1. RGB is pretty standard, HSV and YCrCb seem to have a clear image each (V,Y), but have 2 matte shades to help give the image texture. Kind of hard to describe them if you're used to RGB.
2.
[ 96 173 165]
[162 130  91]
[ 87 113 173]
rgb ranges from 0-255 for all 3
YCrCb ranges from 16-235 for Y and 16-240 for Cr and Cb
HSV ranges from 0-179 for H and 0-255 for S and V

Exercise 3
1. Since there are too many combinations of outputs, I will just say what the outputs meant. Gaussian noise makes the noise normally distributed. Increasing the mean increases the expected value of the noise. Basically, it provides the "intensity" of the noise, making things whiter and less clear. The sigma is the standard deviation, meaning how much the noise actually deviates from the mean. This will cause the image to look less like the image and be completely jumbled.
For Salt and pepper noise, pa and pb represent the amount of pixels that actually get changed to black or white. The higher pa increases the amount of black pixels and the higher pb increases the amount of white pixels
2. To me, when the gaussian noise is applied, the gaussian filter does the best job smoothing out the image. When the salt and pepper is applied, the gaussian preserves far more detail, but the median filter gives the most color distinction.

Exercise 4
look at baboon threshold.png for the images
1. Thresholding seems to get rid of certain colors beyond a spectrum. It is useful to show facial features/outlines of an object in the image. The threshold values change how much of the picture is seen. It seems like Binary is the colorswap of Band Thresholding. Adaptive seems very clear, removing a lot of fine details and leaving a very crisp image. Semi Thresholding darkens the image and isn't very clear.
2. Binary thresholding, while maintaining image integrity, is somewhat hard to distinguish borders, as it includes a lot of unnecessary detail if you want to identify something.
3. Adaptive Thresholding has crisp borders, thus makes it much easier to identify facial features like eyes,nose, and mouth.

Exercise 5
1. Face tracking is pretty cool, but seems slightly gimicky depending on the method used. Isn't terribly reliable.
2. Object detection might have problems when orientation is flipped. For instance, if I turn slightly, my facial feature might seem different. In that case, tracking is better since it tracks the facial features so that if it is suddenly oriented differently, it can better account for it. In addition, having to constantly reevaluate frames as images is probably more computationally intensive.
3. It's pretty neat that it can detect an object like that. However, that's just a copy and paste of the image and it basically compares it. If it is a different apple, will it identify as an apple? In addition, for the business card example, what if the template is slightly different? It is certainly useful, but seems like it would be constrained.